
INTERVIEW
Vesna:
> Normally I would send an email(from gmail) that has a google form that all the teachers will get, and they will fill it out.
It includes:
Name, Phone number, Email
Which courses are their top choices
Which courses that they already tought
Available times
Substitute instructors(who could substitute for you)
Additional Comments
How many classes can you teach

(NOTE*Form:https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MmufIhcRA7_AuMw1kKGppEU8klUrVpSWF-FDv1Ci8w8/viewform )

> I send the form, and they would reply, and I would open the form and look through it.

> Basically Reza is the lead instructor on the program(VGP) and I do the scheduling so when it’s close to the scheduling time. Reza and I will have a conversation, and will look at the program flow, and say which courses(for instructors should take(?)).

> In a scenario where an instructor chose to teach UML however if another person tries to apply for UML but if he is an absolute expert, I will have a conversation with Shariful, and say we have another person who is an expert, so do you wanna take some other courses, because I don’t wanna take courses away from him if he is available.

> So it’s a very personal interaction, it changes, and it varies from time to time.

> The return is messy, and I wish it would be a clear table.

Shariful Islam - *Already covered by Vesna


OVERVIEW OF OUR SYSTEM

Were making an in-house system that uses a modular poll.
Mainly to improve the school’s scheduling system.
Allows admins to send polls to teachers and admins.
This program will help instructors know more information about the schedule and have a better insight in which course is available.
Have this program be on eCompanion to get data and information, depending on which authorized user that logged in.
Analyse which instructor is available for which courses.
A system that automatically output the feedback from the poll, that was generated from the reply.
Automatically sorts the data from all of one poll and filters it to what the user selects	

optional:
Integrate our project to MARK/(other group’s project) to get Data.
Export to a file (CSV, TXT, etc.)

Our program can be referenced as a tool to improve the scheduling work flow.
